
---Flame Covered City Fuyuki---

First fight scene:

Today, I am going to try to carefully plan out this fight scene that is stumping me.

Shirou and Snow jump down from the building, and get immediately surrounded by a horde of skeletons.

Snow blanks out on the first attack. Her mind can't keep up with the sudden shift to combat and thus, she doesn't react in time.

A thrown Kanshou/Bakuya saves Snow.

Before Snow can make sense of the scene, a blade descends. This time she reacts in time and lashes out with the blade in her hand.

Unprepared for the sharp impact, she loses control of her blade. Showing a big opening, the skeleton shield bashes her into the air and she falls into a horde of skeletons.

Shirou immediately saves the day by creating a rain of swords. Snow takes the chance to look towards Shirou and notes how far he is from her. Shirou cannot save her because he is busy dodging arrows, killing bowman, and fending off the skeletons falling from the sky/aparatment. Even so, Shirou is still fighting his way to her.

The blow to Snow carried her away from the apartment.

Rain of swords forms a protective circle/barrier around her, buying her a moment of piece. A single sword lands in the center of the circle of swords.

Snow clutches her stomach in pain. Tears spill freely from her eyes. Her vision gets watery. She doesn't want to fight. She is afraid. She doesn't want to die.

She knows that she can simply stay in the circle and she is safe. The sword represents a choice.

When Snow grabs the sword and pulls it from the ground, she unconciously activates her magic circuits and a red tattoo is burned on her right hand. Well, the bruise becomes a solid tattoo? Can a master have the command seals before becoming contracted to a Servant? I think so.

Skeleton's begin breaking through the sword barricade one at a time. This gives Snow a chance to fight one on one. The enemy numbers slowly increase until the barrier is fully gone.

Bows twang and she has to throw herself to the ground to avoid them. The archer's can't hit her when she is surrounded by skeletons, they only have a shot once she creates distance so Snow has to carefully maintain her positional awareness of the situation.

Perhaps when Snow grabs the sword, she closes her eyes and her senses shut down one by one. It starts with her feeling vibrations through her feet into her body. The drums of war/battle approaching.


Before snow can catch her breath, a bowstring twangs and Shirou cries out. Snow throws herself to the ground, barely avoiding the arrow.

A giant shadow looms over her. Snow grabs one of the impaled swords and stabs upwards, killing her first enemy.

Snow's mind starts to race and her goal shifts towards survival? She starts using everything she can to survive. Vibrations through her feet, sound, vision.

Because her only weapons are those that Shirou impaled in the ground, she is forced to maintain a situational awareness of where she is in all time and where the nearest sword is.

She still can't fight worth a damn, but she starts to develop a battlefield sense at least among these low level skeletons. That reminds me, the skeletons start laughing at her when she falls down among them. Perhaps the ones mocking her get impaled by the sword rain.

Snow notes Shirou's progress from the sounds of combat. Her heart starts to pound when the regular tempo of combat turns into a crazy race. Shirou yells "GET DOWN!"

Snow absently notes a red streak flying through the air.

Besides her, she hears a "RHO AIS!"

and then her vision turns white. Okay, this seems like a good scene to pick from. The question is how do I transition from two separate fights to a reunion interrupted by Archer?

Snow hears Shirou's progress. She also keeps track of him from the corner of her eyes. Why doesn't Shirou use a bigger projection to wipe them all out at once?

But here is a more important question. Does Shirou and Snow fight together before Archer interupts them? Nah, lets have Shirou shout something that Snow can't make out until its too late. She hears a "GET DOWN" as soon as the red streak appears.

Now how does Snow fend for herself. Perhaps she gets help with the occasional sword showers. Lets go with that. Alright, I have this scene drafted up, all that is left is to write it. Good.


The fight ends when Archer shoots an arrow and Shirou uses Rho Ais. All the skeletons are blown up among the big crater. First question is how to escape the crater? Perhaps Shirou falls unconsious from the recoil?


Common recurring themes to keep in mind:
Make a joke how Snow has no pants and hercules has no shirt.
Make a joke how Snow is always getting interruped and can't have a conversation last more than five minutes or find a chance to get some clothes.

Shirou and Snow get separated eventually.

Snow grabs a car and drives through a skeleton horde zombie apocalypse style.
Ends up driving out of the forest.

Runs into road blocks, dodges arrows? Perhaps Shirou vs Archer from the roof of the car/back of the truck.

Eventually car tire gets punctured by an arrow and car crashes. Snow runs away on foot into the forest. Ends up near Einzbern territory and encounters Hercules.

Hercules mistakes Snow for Illya and saves her. Snow then has Berserker carry her back into the city, where she eventually stumbles upon Shirou vs Shielder.

Interrupts the fight and defends Shirou.

Olga thinks Shirou caused the explosion that killed everyone because it follows Kiritsugu's modus operandi. Snow defends him and it starts looking like a 2v2.

Ritsuka believes Shirou?

Olga is blinded by rage. Lets see.. Perhaps before the fight can truly begin, they get interrupted by Lancer Alter?

Nah, if Caster is with them by this point, then they have already taken out Lancer Alter.

Hmm...

Maybe entire group go to fight Saber and it turns into a Saber + Archer versus Berserker/Caster/Shielder/Shirou.

Well, that is it for notes for now.
